---
title: An electric power plant driven by my bike
publish_date: 2022-05-29
---

Today I went to a fitness gym open 2 days ago. The reason why I started exersize today is I will start full remote work within 2 months. I feel my ability to concentrate is slightly reduced according to my age. I think plenty of exersize might make it better.

## Fitness Gym

The gym tracks member's entry by their mobile app and QR code. They said they as a gym is fully automated and they don't have any staff. Instead, they are relationally cheap. It costs about just $30 per month.

I'm suprised that there are no people in the gym when I arrived there. It seems they are not so popular for now.

And I didn't know how to use the machines in the gym. Their app have some of youtube video tutorials.

I tried an aerobike for 30min. I felt stange that I pedal a bike alone in the gym silently. There are "AI" (they said so) powered cameras to monitor the member's activity. I felt a SF flavor here. I think it'll be perfect if they produce electric power from my bike to drive the gym.

I'm interested in their security - their locker is fully open and there's no lock. Of course their entrance is locked and kept secured with QR based authentification. They don't prevent theft but they can track their members and they have record of member's activities. It's easy to sue thief after problems happen. I think services that have same kind of security policy is increasing recently.

## Draw the same thing every single day

While I was doing the execise, I watched the youtube video.

[The drawing advice that changed my life](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M6NsEDwHHiE)

They said "Draw the same thing every single day" is good habit to keep focused and make action before thinking. Yeah of course I can do that in "Draw the same deno every single day" here.

I feel my English vocaburary is not enough to understand the video, I'm not good at understand relaxed speaking.

## Today's ESL question

[Disabilities](https://www.eslconversationquestions.com/disabilities/)

> How does the government in your country help disabled people?

Public transport affiliates are helps to disabled people in many way. But for website, they are not so helpful in accesibility.

> What are some common disabilities?

Color blindness, auditory disturbance, wheelchair users, etc. I sometimes feel auditory disturbance a little.

> How are disabilities viewed in your country?

Some people express disability people as "pity". It's not good way to treat them.

> What kinds of disabilities do people develop as they grow older?

Auditory disturbance, presbyopic eye, etc.

> Do you know a person with a disability?

My friend has color blind.

> What did you learn in today’s class about people with disabilities?

Oh, this material is for teacher haha.

> How can our world become more inclusive and equal for people with disabilities?

Keep inform about disability. We web developer can study accessibility and improve linters.

> Have you seen people with disabilities be excluded, judged, or not experience accessibility?

I have not seen recently, but I think it's only my perspective is narrow. There're a lot of website that are not accessible.

> How do we stop the idea that people with disabilities should be pitied and instead see them as equals?

I don't know... But I think education will help.

> Why do you think people with disabilities have experienced discrimination and abuse, both in the past and still today?

Because of our information for disability is not enough.

> Why did it take so long for governments to make laws giving rights to people with disabilities?

They are always slow to change laws because they don't like to change customs.


88 min to write
